Moingo is Moin Moin for the road, or "Moin Moin To Go"

It's essentially Moin Moin Desktop Edition (MMDE), but configured
so I can more easily store Moin Moin's wiki data into an SCCS
like git/github.

The goal is to be able to share and synchronize a Moin Moin wiki 
with a distributed, occasionally-offline team, using distributed
version control as the synchronization mechanism.

INSTALL and RUNNING

To get and install Moingo, you just need python and git.
And, do a 'git clone [git-repo-URL-where-moingo-lives]'.

For example...

  mkdir some_directory
  cd some_directory
  git clone git://github.com/steveyen/moingo.git

After that, you should have a moingo subdirectory, which is all 
ready to run with no extra install steps.

Moingo expects wiki page data to live in sibling directories, for example...

  /some_directory
    /moingo          -- the directory you checked out with git
      README         -- moin moin's standard README
      README.textile -- this README.textile file
      wikiserver.py
      /wiki
      [more moin moin files]
    /wiki_personal   -- a sibling directory holding a personal wiki
    /wiki_intranet   -- a sibling directory holding a team intranet wiki

To make your own sibling wiki page data directories...

  cd some_directory
  cp -R moingo/wiki [your_new_wiki]

For example...

  cd some_directory
  cp -R moingo/wiki wiki_personal

You can start moingo by...

  python moingo/wikiserver.py wiki_personal

Another example...

  python moingo/wikiserver.py wiki_intranet

The idea is that wiki_personal, wiki_intranet, wiki_family, etc 
just need to be sibling directories to moingo, and can be checked 
in separately into git or sccs.
     
Then, point your browser at this URL and wiki away...

  http://127.0.0.1:8080

Assuming that your sibling page directory is checked into git,
you can use the sync.rb script (you'll need ruby) to
pull down changes from a shared repository, merge your changes,
and push back to the shared repository.  The synchronization
strategy for sync.rb is dumb and simple right now: your local
changes win, so it's best to sync often.  To use it, just...

  cd some_directory/wiki_intranet
  ./sync.rb "some optional checkin msg"

Checking Moin Moin wiki page data into git isn't the best fit.
Moin Moin stores each page revision as a separate file, which
goes against the grain for how to use git, but I had a lot of
old pages in Moin Moin that I wanted to keep on using --
so, now there's Moingo.

